Docs: Remove outdated renderer and TypeScript variants (#31191)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/_snippets/nextjs-app-directory-in-meta.md

};
```

```ts filename="NavigationBasedComponent.stories.ts" renderer="react" language="ts"

> import type { Meta, StoryObj } from '@storybook/nextjs-vite';

Reviewer: I think this would be better, given that `nextjs-vite` isn't the default:

```suggestion
import type { Meta, StoryObj } from '@storybook/nextjs'; // Or nextjs-vite
```
